CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

### Quick Start
- [Get started on 🍏 macOS](docs/quick-start/get-started-on-macos.md)
- [Get started on 🟦 Windows + 🐧 WSL](docs/quick-start/get-started-on-wsl.md)

| Task in pnpm  | Description                                    |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------|
| `build`       | Generate production-grade build artifacts.     |
| `check`       | Run `check.fmt` and `check.types`.             |
| `check.fmt`   | Verify that the source code is well-formatted. |
| `check.types` | Verify that the source code is type-safe.      |
| `fmt`         | Reformat the source code with Biome.           |
| `install`     | Install dependencies and Git hooks.            |
| `test`        | Run all unit tests.                            |
| `vi`          | Start a continuous test server in Vitest.      |
| `yolo`        | Disable Git hooks.                             |

### Developer Guides
- [Manage third-party dependencies](docs/guides/manage-third-party-dependencies.md)

Commit message:

Introduce mise-en-place
It replaces nvm and Corepack as the version manager of Node.js and pnpm,
allowing developers to work with the project directly on Windows without
WSL. The project documentation will be revised in a later commit.

It also replaces pnpm as the task runner, defining tasks in `mise.toml`
instead of `package.json`.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

## Quick Start
- [Get started on 🍏 macOS](docs/quick-start/get-started-on-macos.md)
- [Get started on 🟦 Windows + 🐧 WSL](docs/quick-start/get-started-on-wsl.md)

## Tasks
| Name        | Description                                                                                                             |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `build`     | Generates production-grade build artefacts with [Vite](https://vite.dev).                                               |
| `build_cli` | Generates production-grade build artefacts of the command-line entrypoint with [Vite](https://vite.dev).                |
| `build_gha` | Generates production-grade build artefacts of the GitHub Actions entrypoint with [Vite](https://vite.dev).              |
| `build_lib` | Generates production-grade build artefacts of the core library with [Vite](https://vite.dev).                           |
| `check`     | Runs `check_fmt` and `check_ts`.                                                                                        |
| `check_fmt` | Verifies the code style of the source code with [Biome](https://biomejs.dev).                                           |
| `check_ts`  | Verifies the type safety of the source code with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org).                          |
| `fmt`       | Reformats the source code with [Biome](https://biomejs.dev).                                                            |
| `init`      | Installs Node.js packages with [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) and enables the Git hooks with [Lefthook](https://lefthook.dev). |
| `test`      | Runs the entire unit test suite once with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev).                                                 |
| `vitest`    | Starts the [Vitest UI](https://vitest.dev/guide/ui.html#vitest-ui) test explorer for continuous unit testing.           |
| `yolo`      | Disables the Git hooks with [Lefthook](https://lefthook.dev).                                                           |

## Developer Guides
- [Manage third-party dependencies](docs/guides/manage-third-party-dependencies.md)
